c:\users\m1047044\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AttendenceTracking\Tracking.Bussiness\bin\Debug\Tracking.Bussiness.dll.config
c:\users\m1047044\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AttendenceTracking\Tracking.Bussiness\bin\Debug\Tracking.Bussiness.dll
c:\users\m1047044\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AttendenceTracking\Tracking.Bussiness\bin\Debug\Tracking.Bussiness.pdb
c:\users\m1047044\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AttendenceTracking\Tracking.Bussiness\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\m1047044\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AttendenceTracking\Tracking.Bussiness\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\m1047044\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AttendenceTracking\Tracking.Bussiness\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\m1047044\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AttendenceTracking\Tracking.Bussiness\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\m1047044\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AttendenceTracking\Tracking.Bussiness\obj\Debug\Tracking.Business.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\m1047044\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AttendenceTracking\Tracking.Bussiness\obj\Debug\Tracking.Bussiness.dll
c:\users\m1047044\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AttendenceTracking\Tracking.Bussiness\obj\Debug\Tracking.Bussiness.pdb
c:\users\m1047044\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AttendenceTracking\Tracking.Bussiness\bin\Debug\ITracking.Bussiness.dll
c:\users\m1047044\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AttendenceTracking\Tracking.Bussiness\bin\Debug\ReadXL.Handler.dll
c:\users\m1047044\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AttendenceTracking\Tracking.Bussiness\bin\Debug\Tracking.DataAccessLayer.dll
c:\users\m1047044\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AttendenceTracking\Tracking.Bussiness\bin\Debug\Tracking.Entities.dll
c:\users\m1047044\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AttendenceTracking\Tracking.Bussiness\bin\Debug\ITracking.Bussiness.pdb
c:\users\m1047044\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AttendenceTracking\Tracking.Bussiness\bin\Debug\ITracking.Bussiness.dll.config
c:\users\m1047044\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AttendenceTracking\Tracking.Bussiness\bin\Debug\ReadXL.Handler.pdb
c:\users\m1047044\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AttendenceTracking\Tracking.Bussiness\bin\Debug\Tracking.DataAccessLayer.pdb
c:\users\m1047044\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AttendenceTracking\Tracking.Bussiness\bin\Debug\Tracking.DataAccessLayer.dll.config
c:\users\m1047044\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AttendenceTracking\Tracking.Bussiness\bin\Debug\Tracking.Entities.pdb
c:\users\m1047044\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AttendenceTracking\Tracking.Bussiness\bin\Debug\Tracking.Entities.dll.config
